Update functions-best-practices.md (#83572)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-functions/functions-best-practices.md

+ For [Premium plan hosting](functions-premium-plan.md), consider adding a warmup trigger to reduce latency when new instances are added. To learn more, see [Azure Functions warm-up trigger](functions-bindings-warmup.md). 

> + Use Deployment Slots to follow safe deployment practices and ensure that the changes can be rolled back. To learn more, see [Azure Functions Deployment Slots](functions-deployment-slots.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ To minimize deployment downtime and to be able to roll back deployments, consider using deployment slots. To learn more, see [Azure Functions Deployment Slots](functions-deployment-slots.md)
```
